OSDOCS-5274: Restart node when changing mtu value (#55763)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-configuring-ovn.adoc

----

[IMPORTANT]
====
When `disableOVSInit` is set to true in the `ovn.yaml` config file, the OVS bridge br-ex must be manually configured.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you change the `mtu` configuration value in the `ovn.yaml` file, you must restart the node for the updated setting to apply.

Reviewer: It would be more clear to say, "you must 'reboot' the host on which MicroShift is running".

> If you change the `mtu` configuration value in the `ovn.yaml` file, you must restart the host that {product-title} is running on for for the updated setting to apply.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you change the `mtu` configuration value in the `ovn.yaml` file, you must restart the host that {product-title} is running on for the updated setting to apply.
```

> If you change the `mtu` configuration value in the `ovn.yaml` file, you must restart the ovnkube-master pod and the host that {product-title} is running on for for the updated setting to apply.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you change the `mtu` configuration value in the `ovn.yaml` file, you must reboot the host that {product-title} is running on for the updated setting to apply.
```

Author: We don't use "reboot" per IBM style, but I got the rest.

Reviewer 2: I see, l wasn't aware of the IBM style. Let's use restart.
